## Dependencies

`crates.io`做为服务网站可用来发现和下载Rust包，它是Rust社区重要的包注册网站。

需要依赖 crates.io 上的某个库，需要将它添加到 Cargo.toml中。

## Adding a dependency

If your Cargo.toml doesn't already have a [dependencies] section, add that, then list the crate name and version that you would like to use. This example adds a dependency of the time crate:

    [dependencies]
    time = "0.1.12"

The version string is a `semver version`(语义化版本) requirement. The specifying dependencies docs have more information about the options you have here.

If we also wanted to add a dependency on the regex crate, we would not need to add [dependencies] for each crate listed. Here's what your whole Cargo.toml file would look like with dependencies on the time and regex crates:

    [package]
    name = "hello_world"
    version = "0.1.0"
    authors = ["Your Name <you@example.com>"]

    [dependencies]
    time = "0.1.12"
    regex = "0.1.41"

Re-run cargo build, and Cargo will fetch the new dependencies and all of their dependencies, compile them all, and update the Cargo.lock:

    $ cargo build
        Updating registry `https://github.com/rust-lang/crates.io-index`
    Downloading memchr v0.1.5
    Downloading libc v0.1.10
    Downloading regex-syntax v0.2.1
    Downloading memchr v0.1.5
    Downloading aho-corasick v0.3.0
    Downloading regex v0.1.41
        Compiling memchr v0.1.5
        Compiling libc v0.1.10
        Compiling regex-syntax v0.2.1
        Compiling memchr v0.1.5
        Compiling aho-corasick v0.3.0
        Compiling regex v0.1.41
        Compiling hello_world v0.1.0 (file:///path/to/project/hello_world)

Our Cargo.lock contains the exact(精确的) information about which revision of all of these dependencies we used.

Now, if regex gets updated, we will still build with the same revision until we choose to cargo update.

You can now use the regex library using extern crate in main.rs.

    extern crate regex;

    use regex::Regex;

    fn main() {
        let re = Regex::new(r"^\d{4}-\d{2}-\d{2}$").unwrap();
        println!("Did our date match? {}", re.is_match("2014-01-01"));
    }

Running it will show:

    $ cargo run
    Running `target/hello_world`
    Did our date match? true